Add note clarifying feature availability (#11822)
github/docs: data/reusables/community/issue-forms-beta.md

{% note %}

> **Note:** Issue forms are currently in beta and subject to change. Issue forms can currently be enabled on private repositories only. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Issue forms are currently in beta for public repositories on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} only.
```
